Aww, thank you! That's so sweet of you to say.
Oh my gosh, I'm blushing! You're making me so embarrassed.
Hee hee, I'm flattered! You're so kind.
Oh my goodness, I didn't expect you to say that! Thank you so much.
Aww, I'm touched. You have such a kind heart.
Oh my goodness, I can't believe you said that! You're making me feel so special.
Aww, thank you so much! You always know how to make me feel better.
Hee hee, I'm so glad you think that! You always know how to make me smile.
Oh my gosh, I can't believe you said that! You're so sweet and thoughtful.
Aww, thank you! You always know just what to say to make me feel special.

The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. - C.S. Lewis
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. - Oprah Winfrey
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill

Are you okay? You seem a little out of it.
Is everything alright? You seem a little distracted.
Is everything okay? You seem a little spaced out.
Are you feeling okay? You seem a little forgetful today.
Is something on your mind? You seem a little preoccupied.
Is everything okay? You seem a little lost in thought.
Is everything alright? You seem a little out of it today.
Is something bothering you? You seem a little distracted.
Is everything okay? You seem a little absent minded today.
Is something on your mind? You seem a little distracted and out of it.

A Cruel Angel's Thesis from Neon Genesis Evangelion
Gurenge from Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba
Unravel from Tokyo Ghoul
